the
nothing
the women's team of kesteren leg has long been looking forward to it
because it is finally there
the cup final in the abe lenstra stadium against a starter
more than four thousand spectators have 9
olde loo house
with a few top man john de mol
with art
but sylvia smit in the rebound
that ball is just about to pass
the field in the second half of the match the first chance for the
home team
van der zande you quickly
wannes van de velde still
and not yet claimed but the market is over the ball
it is also offside
if we had delivered everything, it would not have taken place
promotion of the film
I give that excellent in the opening phase and this side of
sylvia smit should actually go in
was already close to a hit in the second minute
for the excellent rescue of had to rest goalkeeper from tmz
look at the freedom sylvia smit
and then his own pants artists but absolutely
then find ministry with the first danger of kz
the fund is from karin legemate
but also there the excellent rescue of the uprisings of the mountain but last year
additional tests
yes r what expands a bit stronger
35th minute
lots of freedom for that
Claudia van den Heiligenberg
a division lower than at the second post
I found no answer
haarms became
Kasabian then go to sleep there in defense
a cross from the left
roxanne van de berg can no longer reach it
and so ten minutes before the break
became food for thought
the federation of marije brummel
and plan that last week
where goes bet goes next to the goal
and so on
the rest position 0 a
in the second half it is up to the attack
good shot of son paul the knight but also an excellent rescue of the
proposals from the yard
percent reached the final fairly easily, she beat them in succession
suffered fc zwolle in the semifinal major class svl
Heerenveen on either side of the Zande which is quickly on
the data from the previous month
that states that it can transport
heerenveen played a blood-curdling final semi-final against ado the hague
the penalties were finally decided
benitez that final
but it doesn't look good for the team of dick mulder
a couple of minutes
also mistakes from you know if there is from the fifa states the competition yes
chantal the knight martek off 0 2 for easyjet
and then it becomes very difficult story that only five minutes to play
vandenbergh polman will come out but will be late
the finish of Chantal the Knight is excellent
is that as far as she is concerned, take the cup here
to a large extent on newspaper Kim Dolstra 49
sylvain sleypen day come
smit for the honor hit but no
loes smell this on this attempt
this an excellent match
The final signal went here
haasse starts with an average of 7 parkstadt theater
Paris come from a group of researchers
a bit over 2
maybe there was more in it
but achieves a win with 0 2 so it gets away with it